[ADD][mail_parent_recipient][10.0] Add module to use mail of first partner (#329)
OCA/social: mail_parent_recipient/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This modules add the fact to use partner's parent email as recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module modifies how Odoo get email recipients from partners.
Partner's closest parent email will be used as recipient if partner has no email address.
```

To fix the typo and be more explicit.

This modules set the default recipient in an email to the first partner having
an email set following the parents tree. If no parent with an email is found,

> it reverts to the popup asking to set an email for the current partner.

Reviewer 2: "reverts bla bla" I don't see anything like that. If you rely on std machinery then just mention that you rely on it.
